you know Sammy Davis is always singing
what kind of fool of fools Sammy is he
asked me to invite Don Rickles here
tonight he last for him and you got him
ladies and gentlemen here's the man
whose sense of humor is as twisted as
Karl Malden's nose
I wish you wouldn't touch me Sami people
rust
it's a wonderful treat to be able to
this wonderful black man say my kitchen
we know each other a lot of years really
and I love the black people we need you
people I swear because no Jews gonna
make up a train
my kid Sammy you're a black man I took a
guess
you ain't black you fell into a bucket
Eminem subtitle
do you my good friend Freddie Prinze was
your buddy and we need the Puerto Rican
people I quote the grades of it the
grades the words of a great Puerto Rican
Manuel her thesis who said to me in New
York
llama coffee
the Puerto Rican in the colored I am
making plans we rolled a Jew
I kid though look at this wonderful day
Frank Gorshin his whole life is Burt
Lancaster Joey bishop who passed away
and wasn't told about it
jinglun I say from the bottom of my
heart you can move into my neighborhood
anytime you want a lot of China imagine
this guy standing in front of it anybody
wanna eat those beads out here eat them
pee
my kids you will turn watch but you
could hurt me
no that's too fast wait Dean I'll make
you feel at home Youngstown Ohio right
what's that town you come from
Steubenville why that's better anyway
noburo my idol since I'm a kid but now
Milton I say this for my heart show
business and your life thy self be thee
with your new book love the you know
thyself Milton he's old he understands
I have based my whole humor on laughing
at bigotry classic will chamber
hahahahaha
but if you don't laugh back it's not
funny the blacks the whites the purpose
mostly the blacks
remember the words of George Foreman who
said after the Mohammed Ali fight put
that down
taste Xing to the black people remember
the words of a great Negro Johnson Jones
who said in Biloxi Mississippi on a
Saturday night if the white man and an
ego tell what good homina the people
know get two white folk and the man is
hominy would love
is gone a state hospital
we laugh why do we let black the way is
we must laugh that's right
look who became the priest
now you're Catholic and amateur and
salmon you're black I'm sorry
remember the words of a great negro I
say that honestly all peoples are alike
we are all working you live in my
neighborhood I live in yours right Sam
right are you crazy
what's in your heart right Sam be proud
brothers we kiss we hug any black of my
lips